pseudo-code.md, before:

## Steps a user takes will have numbers.

## What we want to happen visually for the user will be below the step, indented.

### 1) Clicks the 'generate password' button.

    Message appears to user stating the required criteria/decisions to be made. The message also lets the user know that, once the criteria has been met, a password will generate and will be displayed to the screen. If they are not in a secure location, they should re-visit this site when they can have the new password displayed on their screen.

### 2) Clicks to confirm they want to continue.

    Message appears asking for the length of the password, stating the user must input a value between 8 and 128, inclusive.

### 3) Types a password length using a number greater than or equal to 8, but less than or equal to 128.

    Message appears validating the number was acceptable, and re-states the choice for the user.

### 4) Clicks to confirm the computer correctly stated their number.

    Message appears asking for the character types the user is wanting to include in the password. The options shown include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and special characters. The user must select at least one, but could choose up to all four.

### 5) Types which character-types to include.

    Message appears validating the choice made was acceptable, and re-states the choice for the user.

### 6) Clicks to confirm the computer correctly stated their choice(s).

    Message appears stating the password has been generated and asks the user to click 'ok' to confirm the appearance of the password. If the user does not want the password to be displayed, all 'data' will be lost and they will not receive a new password.

### 7) Clicks to confirm they want the password displayed.

    The newly generated password is displayed in the box, meeting the users criteria.

Commit message:

characters are generating randomly.  Pseudo-code md file updated.  shuffle function still needs to be worked on to shuffle the random characters (it's created, but not functioning properly, so currently commented out

pseudo-code.md, after:

## Steps a user takes will have numbers.

## What we want to happen visually for the user will be below the step, indented.

### 1) Clicks the 'generate password' button.

    Message appears to user stating the required criteria/decisions to be made. The message also lets the user know that, once the criteria has been met, a password will generate and will be displayed to the screen. If they are not in a secure location, they should re-visit this site when they can have the new password displayed on their screen.

### 2) Clicks to confirm they want to continue.

    Message appears asking for the length of the password, stating the user must input a value between 8 and 128, inclusive.

### 3) Types a password length using a number greater than or equal to 8, but less than or equal to 128.

    Message appears validating the number was acceptable, and re-states the choice for the user.

### 4) Clicks 'ok' to validate the computer correctly received their number.

    Message appears asking for the character types the user is wanting to include in the password. The options shown include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and special characters. The user must select at least one, but could choose up to all four.

### 5) Clicks 'ok' to confirm understanding.

    Message appears asking user to choose if they want to include numbers in the password.

### 6) Clicks 'ok' to include numbers or clicks cancel to exclude numbers.

    Message appears asking user to choose if they want to include lower-case letters in the password.

### 7) Clicks 'ok' to include lower-case letters or clicks cancel to exclude lower-case letters.

    Message appears asking user to choose if they want to include upper-case letters in the password.

### 8) Clicks 'ok' to include upper-case letters or clicks cancel to exclude upper-case letters.

    Message appears asking user to choose if they want to include special characters in the password.

### 9) Clicks 'ok' to include special characters or clicks cancel to exclude special characters.

    Message appears stating the password has been generated and asks the user to click 'ok' to confirm the appearance of the password. If the user does not want the password to be displayed, all 'data' will be lost and they will not receive a new password.

### 11) Clicks 'ok' to confirm they want the password displayed.

    The newly generated password is displayed in the box, meeting the users criteria.
